Reviewer #1

We thank Reviewer #1 for their helpful comments.  We are especially grateful for the provided references, and in light of the references on automatic path retracing using smartphones we will soften our claims of the novelty of Clew.  While Clew is not the first app of its kind, it is the first exploration of AR technology for this purpose (which has differing tradeoffs, both positive and negative, with the step-counting approaches used by other researchers).  We will include a discussion of this in the final version.

We make the following clarifications.
(1) Of the 24 paths tested, 23 were successful.  The mean and median errors were only computed over successful trials.
(2) We used a blindfold to occlude the college students' vision.  The blindfold  did not allow light leakage into any parts of the field of vision.

Reviewer #2

We thank Reviewer #2 for the great comments.  We very much appreciate the suggestions for additional related work (both on assistive technology as well as research on visual impairment and blindness). We will be sure to add these sources.  Further, we will make all other changes suggested by the reviewer (e.g., streamlining the abstract, adding details about the pilot participants, etc.).

Clarifications:
(8) The ViewShare app relies on a CrowdSourcing model, so a sighted volunteer has to indicate the location of the desired object by pressing on its location in one of the images captured from the user who is blind's phone.

Reviewer #3

We really appreciate the useful feedback and the general perspective of Reviewer #3.  We are very much in agreement about the pitfalls of disability simulations, and the lab PI is familiar with the literature elucidating these issues.  In particular, we would never use a disability simulation in such a way that caused people to pity those who are blind or feel more uncomfortable around them.  We will add some references pointing out these pitfalls to the final version.  In retrospect, we regret the usage of the term "usability testing" to describe the study we performed with the blind-folded college students.  The primary insight that can be gained from this study is that the VIO technology that powers ARKit is highly accurate and can be utilized for navigating along difficult indoor rounds.  This is not something that is obvious given the use cases that AR technology was developed to serve.  Further, the haptic feedback was intuitive to follow for the college students, which at least hints at its appropriateness for individuals who are blind.  Due to these two principal contributions, we feel that the test performed brings value to the ASSETS proceedings. 

We are very much in agreement that more testing must be done on both Clew and ViewShare.  We also agree that the only ironclad validation of these two apps will be collected from testing these apps in "the wild."  However, we respectfully disagree with Reviewer #3 that the lack of such testing in the current submission disqualifies the paper from archival publication.  We tried to carefully frame the current study around investigating the intersection between a well-studied area of AT (O&M for people who are B/VI) and a new mass market technology (AR).  We believe that our study's value is in providing a proof-of-concept that important O&M challenges (where importance is supported both by the literature and through our user-centered design process) can be addressed with AR technology.  Further, we uncovered a number of important insights through the development of these apps that are relevant to other AT reseachers (e.g., the importance of holding the phone in an upright orientation).  We think it is likely that our work will inspire others to explore the usage of AR technology to develop O&M apps and provide important design guidance as they enage in this process.

General comments:

Thank you again to all of the reviewers for their very helpful feedback, which will make the final version much stronger.  Despite the lack of in-depth field testing of Clew and ViewShare, we contend that our work constitutes an important contribution to the field assistive technology.
